Let this princess pick you up
Princess, don't mess around, do you still want to come in?
No no no come in hum
Don't dare to look at me
OK
I almost became a eunuch
It seems that there is still a long way to go.
Report to the prince
I have investigated
Wang Xun has no backers
It is even less likely to be a student of any academy
I said that these two are indeed not made by him Wang Xun
Someone else did it. That's for sure.
Wang Xun doesn't have the slightest bit of literati aura
How is it possible to do poetry like that?
King Liang is like my Dong family
I almost caused my Dong family to be doomed
I must tear this man to pieces
If it is not the day after tomorrow, it will be the birthday of the father emperor.
No mess for now
But the prince
I can't wait any longer.
I want to do it tonight
The king's eyeliner is here to report
All the flowers planted by Zhang Ning were picked by that Wang Xun
They can't make potpourri.
It will make the father unwilling
The emperor likes Hundred Flowers Brew the most
At that time, even if the emperor does not blame the princess
I will definitely not forgive Wang Xun, hahahahahaha